com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/UserProfile.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.UserProfile
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.UserProfile$1
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.UserProfile$2
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/Signup.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.Signup
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/fragments/TaskFragment.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.fragments.TaskFragment
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/addTask.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.addTask
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.addTask$1
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/AmplifyConfig.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.AmplifyConfig
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/SignupConfirmation.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.SignupConfirmation
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/AnalyticsTracking.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.AnalyticsTracking
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/allTasks.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.allTasks
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/Task.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task$1
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task$BuildStep
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task$Builder
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task$CopyOfBuilder
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Task$TitleStep
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/TaskDatabase.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskDatabase
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/PushListenerService.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.PushListenerService
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/AmplifyModelProvider.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.AmplifyModelProvider
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/LoginTaskUser.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.LoginTaskUser
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.LoginTaskUser$1
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/models/Task.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.models.Task
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/TaskList.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskList
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/MainActivity.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity$1
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity$2
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity$3
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity$4
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.MainActivity$5
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/BuildConfig.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.BuildConfig
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/TaskListAdapter.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskListAdapter
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskListAdapter$ClickOnTaskAble
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskListAdapter$TaskViewHolder
com/amplifyframework/datastore/generated/model/Team.java
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team$1
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team$BuildStep
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team$Builder
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team$CopyOfBuilder
 com.amplifyframework.datastore.generated.model.Team$NameStep
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/daos/TaskDao.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.daos.TaskDao
com/shaybrow/taskmaster1/TaskDetails.java
 com.shaybrow.taskmaster1.TaskDetails
